OK in this lesson we want to talk about Json which is a language that we're going to use.

But why Json and verb.

We are going to use this language.

Okay let me explain.

For example this is my mobile phone and my dictionary is running on it when I search for a verb for

example helo and I want the definition I will ask this you are Oh.

Which is Oxford Dictionaries dot com to tell me about my work and this U.R.L. has a service that vill

Tell me about for example of .

But how can I exchange data with these service.

Actually there should be a language that both my application and the server that I'm getting data from

can understand it and this language is called Json and the information that I have searched in my

dictionary for my word will be shown from this service in a Json language so we should extract the

information that we want about our work from the data that has been given from these your service.

So let's get familiar with it the structure of language Json out and how we can extract the desired

information from the return data that has been given from the service of Oxford Dictionaries.

OK let's first see how Jason can describe a person.

This is a block in Json language that shows the properties of one person first name last name is a

live age and a lot of fodder takes.

Let's start with the first line here.

I have a string called first name which is the key.

And on the right side after the column I have the value of these first name key which is for example

John.

So on the left side we have the keys and on the right side we have the values of these keys.

And on the second line the key last name and on the right side we have the value which is the Smith

the value of last name.

The values can be off type boolean store for example is alive true Yes he's alive and it can be of type

an integer for example for the age of John it is twenty seven.

Now let's see how the address has defined.

You can see that the address has its target.

Curly brackets and and that b that this character brackets in Json carefully brackets means defining

a new object or a new class which this address with this class has these properties street address city

state postal code.

So the anthracite of John is off type object.

Now let's go forward of phone numbers and see what is the structure our phone numbers in Jason starting

wheat.

Right bracket and closing with a left bracket means a structure off our eyes.

Here we have an array.

This is the first index second index and this is the third index and you can see that each index starts

feet opening and closing brackets charitably brackets.

So each index is an object its type and number.

Okay great.

Now we understand how a Json can structure for a data that it has shown your first name last name

is string and boolean integer or it can be an object or an array of objects and we can extract the information

that we want.

For example if I want the last name I can extract these key or if I want the phone numbers off jar I

can X extract this key.